README.md, before:

# Gompl

*Gompl is based on IMP, a [tiny tutorial language](https://jayconrod.com/posts/37/a-simple-interpreter-from-scratch-in-python--part-1-) by Jay Conrod. I needed a small scripting language for our current game project, so I ported Conrod's IMP to GDScript, extended it a bit and named it Gimpl. After a while I wasn't totally satisfied with the outcome, so I took Jay Conrod's advice and ditched the combinators approach and now use recursive descent parsing as described in [Crafting Interpreters](https://craftinginterpreters.com).*

---

## Example

```GDScript
func some_method(p):
  print(p)

func _ready() -> void:
  var gompl := Gompl.new(self)
  var res = gompl.eval('
	x = 0 // variables should be initialised
	while x < 10 do
	  some_method(x) // be careful to use the correct amount and type of parameters
	  x = x + 1
	end')
  print(res)
```

`eval()` returns the value of the last evaluated expression, so in the example this would be the expression `x = x + 1` and the printed result will be 10.

## Limitations

* No functions
* No arrays
* All variables have global scope
* Only `while`-`do` exists, no for-loop
* Probably not the best performance

## Keywords

* and
* or
* not
* if
* then
* elif
* else
* end
* while
* do
* stop
* skip
* interrupt

## Notes

No semicolons or linebreaks are necessary.

Gompl uses `=` for assignment and `==` for comparison.

Instead of "break" and "continue" use `stop` and `skip` in `while` loops.

Everything is an expression, so you can do things like `x = if y != 5 then 0 else 10 end`. Be aware that in some cases the result can be `undefined`, e.g. when the `if` condition is false and there's no `else` clause. Another case is the result of a `while` loop that was stopped via `stop`.

Gompl natively supports integers, floats, bools, strings and function calls. The functions are fed to the interpreter by setting a target Godot object whose methods are directly called by Gompl and/or by registering functions via Gompl's `register_func` method. Setting a target object will allow access to all of its methods, which might be undesirable.

Using `interrupt` will exit the script, but when providing a state `Dictionary` you can continue the execution. It's also possible to limit the amount of execution steps.

Commit message:

fix a wrong function call and update the readme

README.md, after:

# Gompl

*Gompl is based on IMP, a [tiny tutorial language](https://jayconrod.com/posts/37/a-simple-interpreter-from-scratch-in-python--part-1-) by Jay Conrod. I needed a small scripting language for our current game project, so I ported Conrod's IMP to GDScript, extended it a bit and named it Gimpl. After a while I wasn't totally satisfied with the outcome, so I took Jay Conrod's advice and ditched the combinators approach and now use recursive descent parsing as described in [Crafting Interpreters](https://craftinginterpreters.com).*

---

## Example

```GDScript
func some_method(p):
  print(p)

func _ready() -> void:
  var gompl := Gompl.new(self)
  var res = gompl.eval('
	x = 0 // variables should be initialised
	while x < 10 do
	  some_method(x) // be careful to use the correct amount and type of parameters
	  x = x + 1
	end')
  print(res)
```

`eval()` returns the value of the last evaluated expression, so in the example this would be the expression `x = x + 1` and the printed result will be 10.

## Limitations

* No functions
* No arrays
* All variables have global scope
* Only `while`-`do` exists, no for-loop
* Probably not the best performance

## Keywords

* and
* or
* not
* if
* then
* elif
* else
* end
* while
* do
* stop
* skip
* interrupt

## Notes

No semicolons or linebreaks are necessary.

Gompl uses `=` for assignment and `==` for comparison.

Instead of "break" and "continue" use `stop` and `skip` in `while` loops.

Everything is an expression, so you can do things like `x = if y != 5 then 0 else 10 end`. Be aware that in some cases the result can be `undefined`, e.g. when the `if` condition is false and there's no `else` clause. Another case is the result of a `while` loop that was stopped via `stop`.

Gompl natively supports integers, floats, bools, strings and function calls. The functions are fed to the interpreter by setting a target Godot object whose methods are directly called by Gompl and/or by registering functions via Gompl's `register_func` method. Setting a target object will allow access to all of its methods, which might be undesirable.

Using `interrupt` will exit the script, but when providing a state `Dictionary` you can continue the execution. It's also possible to limit the amount of execution steps, and interrupting the script via `state["interrupt"] = true` (for example, inside a function called from Gompl).
